hello and first I was gonna call this
segment story time with Evan but I
thought that sounded kind of creepy and
I don't really have the power to make an
intro that doesn't suck and now it's
time for story time with Comic Sans
I mean Evan yeah so anyway onto my story
well a while back I borrowed a video
game from my friend for my PC side of my
Mac called Bioshock and I wasn't
expecting much but what I got was this
incredibly amazing video game that I was
in love with it was scary it was amazing
is uh it was great then I heard Bioshock
2 was coming out in a few months and
take note this was in February of 2010
so I quickly pre-ordered the special
edition because I loved the original so
much so I was really stoked and when I
got home with the game I put it into my
xbox and then made this face and then
made this space because the detail of my
TV is so incredibly bad I just couldn't
read what things were I was like pick up
this item what what is it I don't even
know so after 30 minutes of playing the
game I just couldn't deal with the
terrible graphics of my TV anymore so I
Val but I go to college I'm going to buy
an HDTV and I'm going to enjoy this game
to the fullest so I waited 7 months when
I finally got to college I got I
realized I didn't have money for an HDTV
so I resigned to waiting him longer but
then one day I went on Amazon and saw it
there Bioshock 2 for PC and at first I
thought why would I buy another copy of
the game when I already have it for Xbox
I bought the special edition but then I
was like it's only eight dollars so I
bought it for PC knowing that the
original works really well when I played
it sadly that didn't work well it seems
that five shop two actually played
through games for Windows Live which is
kind of like Steam if steam really sucks
and didn't allow you to save it at all
unless you were connected to the
Internet and basically had non existing
customer support so if you had a problem
you basically wasted your money yeah so
long story short I couldn't get the game
to work because games for Windows Live
suck so terribly no no I might have
given up by now but I'm not normal
I didn't determined to play this game
I've been waiting months so during
Christmas break I broke down and said
you know what I'm gonna play it using my
standard definition TV who cares if I
can't read that this is a freaking
first-aid kit I'm just gonna play it and
try and enjoy it as much as possible so
I sit down I pick up my controller
I play it for an hour and then my xbox
broke yeah frederica dad didn't even get
to save it just you know explosion not
really explosion but it exploded my
heart seems that the Xbox got overheated
and now it won't even play a single game
anymore
I was not defeated yet though because I
had a trick up my sleeve
you see Bioshock 2 happen to be on Steam
on sale for five dollars and I said you
know what I already have two frickin
copies of the game let's just buy it on
Steam so I bought it on Steam for 5
dollars and downloaded the game and as
soon as it popped up it went this game
runs using games for Windows Live so now
whenever I click to play the game and
unexpected error occurs and the whole
thing shuts down so yeah that's my story
there's no happy ending I have yet to
play Bioshock 2 and it's been out for a
year and 4 months so don't spoil it for
me I just want to know if anything like
this has ever happened to any of you
guys because I honestly feel forever
alone here with this terrible problem
and everybody that I know makes fun of
me because I have only played an hour of
Bioshock 2 and I bought three copies of
the game but anyway thanks for watching
and I'll see you guys later bye knave
reg'ment
I'm a Big Daddy